[music]
Hello from Russia from Kali
Petrozavod
Konku business and all this how is
life for me Andri khoo We are very good
you are
students Yes we are students and show me
the ceiling there is something not very good on the
ceiling renovation is just in the apartment is it an
apartment or is it a dorm  no, the apartment
looks more like a dorm And why are there so
many of you in the
apartment? We have a party called Narodnaya Show me
in reality I have never seen
modern youth parties, but oh the
people lads everyone is cool, cool we are
folk singers in general and we are
all vocalists here Folk party
like Narodnaya you Karelian folk
you sing songs that once again
you sing Karelian folk songs and they too Well,
you can sing something Karelian folk
I’ve never
heard I can Let’s Well, with vocals everything is
somehow a
crowd
ru guys Guys, are you ready to sing the Karelian
rune
We’re from the second
verse Well, let’s get real
[music]
cool
here O
[music]
oh
give me it was very bad it was
very bad We’re just interested in the
most folk motifs Karelian Well, it’s clear
that here we have Karelian in Su
Nobody knows except him except me And
you are Korele  Karel I
Karel For the most part, he
really [ __ ] like that, well,
no, wait, he’s in the middle of the night
with this horse No no, not in the field with anyone, it’s
not necessary, that’s the folk Karelian I’m
really interested in this
[music]
this is
raspberry
[music]  ]
Bulina
petros
petros and you yourself come from Karelian
where from the yarn This is near
Petrozavodsk And I don’t mean from soybeans
So you are somewhere from a
small town in Karelian Yes, as I
understand the village, yes, that is, your parents are still with
you  in Karelian they said yes,
you know the
language It’s interesting, but the girls are already
Russian Yes, as I understand it Yes, he is also not a
core, in fact
they are generally morons I’m a Cossack, I don’t care about the sun,
I’m a Cossack A Cossack from the
Kuban Donskaya That is, you’re not Russian You’re a
Cossack Yes, no  Cossacks This is not
the nationality of a
Cossack, just in general, ofi broke me straight up,
hung up this card and immediately understood yes. That
is, you, in
principle, are Don Cossacks, you don’t
consider yourself like Muscovites, yes, you are different. Yes,
no, it’s like we just have a hundred created
from Cossacks different and Kuban  and Donski in
Karelia in Karelia, in principle, there are no Cossacks at all
and who came here
created the
Kaza people in Moscow These are different Yes, they are
Cossacks in Moscow there is no
Kaza Well, we kind of preserve the tradition, here
at my mother’s group we sing We
have Ataman  he taught us flanking
What he
taught us with a saber
And yes, that’s what they called it
flanking flanking Yes, this is not a
Cossack name for
NATO, now in fact there are few Cossacks
who speak exactly like this in Kazakhs
I know only one and
I
know him from St. Petersburg  there were a lot of Cossacks who fought against Moscow,
yes, but not really. Well, in 1917, when the
civil war against Lenin, the Cossacks
fought. Yes, they didn’t like these
Reds. Well, the Cossacks were peculiar people,
well, the Reds slaughtered Stalin; Lenin
destroyed the Cossacks;
and you know the Red Ataman, for example,
yes.  so on average, yes, I also tell us about history,
but can you also Karelian, I
also want to ask him about Karelia,
of course, of course, the emphasis is where they go to the
first, look at what Question, these are the songs
that you sang, it turns out you have someone
collected folk folk art,
recorded it, yes  turns out to be a musical Kolya.
We had various folklorists
from Finland, for example,
or VN, a very
widespread folklorist who
went and collected all sorts of
folklore, that is, not only in what
years was he there, a long time ago, when
it was
collected in the twenties and X centuries in such
Well, that is, I understood, that is, it was collected
there somewhere 100 100 years ago somewhere like that, well,
as if a folklorist would go there beeping.
We also have a very
popular one that collected Karelian
folklore and it’s like the
rest because  In general,
we have beeps Yes, he assembled the First team
in
the kantele, it’s generally just the
Karelian language, for example, it was banned in
the fifties when there were
repressions. And that’s why now, for example, the Karelian
language in the
Republic is practically not spoken
because all the old-timers who, for
example, are my grandmother  She was
born in the sixty-first year, she went to school,
she didn’t know the Russian language. But they
simply spread rot on her like this in
schools, that is, it was forbidden
to speak the Karelian language at all because
we are close to the border with Finland. And that’s why, that is, they
considered it as if
so for defectors for traitors to the Motherland,
that is, therefore, they
practically stopped speaking in Karelian,
that is, they lost the language, but now they’re
[ __ ] trying to restore everything. I know
that, well, the Krills were even deported there to
Kazakhstan, there were also, well, a lot of them,
yes, I’m from the city of Khmelnitsk,
Ukraine.  this is where Ukraine is and the region
Approximately what region is between Kiev and
Lvov approximately like this again
between Kiev and Lvov And you are so
interested in listening to us, really Yes, look,
I’m an ethnographer, yes, I’m studying different
nationalities. Wait, can I talk to the core about the
question I have?  interest Can I
ask you, do you treat us normally?
Yes, it’s okay for you, just give it to the guy. It’s just that my mother has a
Ukrainian team, they
came to Bausch and told
us that Roni from Ukraine is calling us, they refuse.
I understand them, I understand these
relatives, I understand that  them if missiles
came to them
this Give me I want with cream look it
turns out I understand correctly that
the area where you live before this
Soviet-Finnish war was still part of
Finland yes or no Well, in general, Finland
was, in principle, in the Russian
Empire, it was still an empire a long time ago
Therefore, in the Russian Empire Yes, there
was a Finnish territory,
but then
when Finland was given
independence, it itself took
independence. Well, the Soviet Union, as it were, was
actually given, roughly
speaking, the Empire fell apart, and the Finns themselves
would have proclaimed, in fact, it would have been like the
Russian Empire, then Finland would have been to
me  it seems Well, it’s clear, yes, because the force
was held and then it fell apart and all the
strength was gone. Yes, that’s what
happened, if he gave anything, that’s why he and I were together,
we were still on the territory. No, in
general, we have an area that
borders Finland.  For example, it’s
not for nothing that Solsky ran
before
this. Look, I’ve been fattening up, this is the
Karelian-Finnish Soviet
Socialist Republic, it
existed from 2000 to 2000, yes. Just
in the territories that were
bordering Finland
from that time, that’s what I’m talking about. That is, we
have a city of this
kind now  this Finnish name for this
was serle, that is, at some point it
was and it gave rubbish because the
Swedish, as it were, we have Swedes nearby here
and therefore the Swedish War For example, it
was yes and that’s why the Swedes captured this
territory called it rubbish gave So it’s like
in  in the future, it still appeared that in
the future, as if such a name
was sorted by the Finnish one, But these
territories of the Armed Forces still remained
with Russia, as it were, and Therefore, in principle,
we live more like this in the south. Well, closer to
the south, that is, we border on the Olonetsky
district. The Olonetsky district borders  with the
Leningrad
region That is, in fact, it was as if we had
always been on the territory of Russia, and
if we take it like this even earlier,
then on the
territory like What is your town
called? I’m now googling it again
sorted
sorted sorted yes yes Uh-huh yes takva Yes
now I’m interested  about on the
shore of Lake Ladoga, a
dacha, such a tourist object
is called the Ladoga Rivers Yes, because
there
we have ferries coming and there on the
[music]
ramparts in 1940 as part of independent
Finland Yes, yes there are differences Ponya and then
later it moved, as it were, to this
territory already  Russia Well, yes, it would have been
captured, like, by the Soviet Union Yes, the
petroleum plant, well, not captured Yes, but like a
hundred Well, captured as a result of the war
Yes, I don’t remember this honestly, to be honest, I
can’t tell you the Finnish war, I don’t
know it very well,
so I should approve yours or Over yours  I
can’t say the words Well, like I’m reading Wikipedia
Yes, from December 9 to February 1940,
Soviet aviation carried out air
raids on Sortavala, the most destructively
massive bombing occurred on
February 2, 1940. That
’s
by the way. There was an anniversary recently, and it turns out. Well, it turns out, yes. Well, the city that
Save has started  in the
meantime, you can see these European
houses of the Finns like this
Well, the layout of the buildings and like that, I
correctly understand what happens
after the forties Yes,
for example, the Karelians evicted many to Kazakhstan
And so on, and they came to Karelia Well,
there I am  I understand those girls
who are with you now, yes, that is, their
ancestors came there somewhere from before
Uh-huh. I don’t want to tell you at all that Russians
constantly lived on the territory of Karelia
because, that is, we generally
have three permanent such nationalities on the territory of Karelia:
Karelians Vepsians and Russians These are the ones
who constantly lived Russians in
such numbers were not like that, but even if
we take Well, there were no Russians in such
numbers 100 years ago Yes,
no, there were because the territories
We
were Well, they belonged to the Novgorod lands Well,
if we take this  straight even
further, that’s why there were always enough Russians here That’s
why the Karelian language,
for example, as such it
[music]
we have here There was a census In
1897 there was a census in the Russian
Empire of the population Yes, and we have
visualizations that
were widespread, so if  I
see now now now you
had Olonets Province Yes it was
a province
Look Karelian language yes
49.7 was
yes Great Russian language 494 that is the
main population Yes more majority
A and Finns another 07 that is Russians were
less than half then yes A Karelians  there was
half together with the Finns, so it turns out
now it
turns out that the people left are those who,
in
principle, we have Karelian Vepsians, they are listed
here as But by and large they are still
divided into two Well, the Vepsians
were just barely visible there because they are not there, but there were
fewer of them,
but  the
Russians were on the territory, so this is
what you have by education, why are you
so interested in all this? By education, I am a
programmer and a lawyer, why is this
interesting to me because I am involved in the
core processes of decentralization of the
Russian Federation Wow, yes, that is,
for example, look now Yes, there
are already more than 100  for years there has been a process of
collapse of the empire, so for example there was the
Russian Empire, the Austro-Hungarian
Empire, the Ottoman Empire, Yes, the Austro
-Hungarian Empire collapsed, it
became good, I know that, the
countries there became independent, Austria Czechoslovakia And so
on, Yes, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, the
Russian collapsed,
Finland Poland, Ukraine, and then  The
Soviet Union captured some of these
countries In the ninety-first year, more
republics separated from the Soviet Union and now, for example, if the
Republic of Sakha Yes Yakutia Buryatia Tatarstan
Chuvashia Bashkartastan they are also
preparing as Republics In the ninety-
first year when there will be collapse there was a
collapse they
proclaimed a parade of sovereignties Yes
also  will be in the Russian Federation Yes, and that
is, to confirm this, well, yes, I’m just
understanding the profile Yes, because it
turns out, well,
all the Republics come from such a kind of
thinking. Yes, for example, Moscow takes
resources from the republics, money and people, and
what it gives in return to the
republics, by and large  to
some account, it gives a guarantee of something of which you
see a guarantee of something. Well, for example,
Listen, I won’t tell you that even now,
but probably
the names Well, being in a
certain country, maybe, to
be honest, I’m not particularly used to this
also the Yakuts  I ask
Daharo and say that Moscow is taking
gold and diamonds from you And you live in poverty, what does
Moscow give you nothing Karelia Karelia fox
Kondopoga if I’m not mistaken one of the
leading paper manufacturers was like this
paper code processing Yes, yes, there it’s
very like, well, industrially I mean
You have resources, forest, paper, production, yes, they’re
taking it all away from you. Yes, we have a
fairly large
processing plant in Segezha, yes. Yeah, well, well, and
Moscow is giving a Petrozavodsk condo to
Petrozavodsk. And so
on. Well, listen to me, I can’t
answer you about this because  that yes,
this is what all people in the
Russian Federation need to think about when
For example, I give someone my money Yes, I
think what I get in return yes If I, for
example, come to a store, I give money,
for example, they give me goods there Yes, if I
come to  cinema yada money is shown to me
cinema Yes, if I give money to someone
donations Yes, for example, for drones
Yes, I give them away and I understand that I will receive
this satisfaction, that for example it
went to a good cause Yes, but this is what
Moscow gives, what people who receive  they give away
their resources in Moscow. Maybe there’s something in
this. Well, we’re not cooking, as if there might be something.
Yes, well, let’s see, you
were in Finland, yes, where do you think the
standard of living is better in Finland or
in Karelia? I just don’t  I really
like Findi Not bad not bad Well, I
can’t tell you that because I haven’t
done such analytics. Well, how does it
feel based on
how it is here, actually not a very
correct not a very correct question
because
Finland is a country of practically
Karelians, we will be like this  take
uh, the Russian Federation is huge but not me
I’m not talking about the whole Federation I’m talking about Karelia
Yes, look, there is Karelia Yes, and
Finland seems to be historically the
same region, yes, that is, they lived there. Well, Karelia,
you understand, is a republic of a state,
and Finland is a whole  country Yes, yes, look,
yes, look, if
Finland had not separated
from the Russian Empire 100 years ago, it would now be
like a republic, like some kind of republic, and
would live like Karelia, now it is the size of
Karelia, but it became an independent
state and lives  somehow it’s
better than
Karelia Well, again, you’re making the wrong
comparison
because look here. Let’s ask you a very
simple question. Why is it easier to govern
Finland, which is just the
size of a republic or a state?
Like Russia, which is
why they should be in this
big state, which is difficult?
they can rule like Finland as a
separate state and live like
Finland Oh,
damn, well, in theory, of course, in theory, you can,
in principle, that’s what I’m talking about. Look, the
Finns are like Finns in 1918, yes,
we thought, Finns, yes, we want to live in
our own national state, yes
separated Lenin gave this, that is,
in fact, Lenin doesn’t seem to
matter now Lenin is not Lenin The point is that
Finland has become independent and
somehow lives enough. Yes, for example, well,
there is industry and it is developing and
they live richer. For example, I know that from
Russia from Karelia  they go to Finland to live,
but they don’t come from Finland to live, it’s true in
Russia. Well, I wouldn’t say that in the
territory of the
Kras, I know the people with whom I communicate,
people move from Finland to Karelia,
but just to
live, it’s the Finns, the
Finns, what do they do, they come to
Karelia Listen here  by this I already To be
honest a lot You know, come on, so many
Finns moved to Korea I think that with the
core of me and what
about your Finns who came
from where they came from Finland, they came from this
business And so they are in business, so they
didn’t come to live, they came because they
opened  there is a business here Yes, they control the
business They get money from here, that
is, they didn’t come to
live, that’s all, but that is, they didn’t come to
live, they have a business there in Finland
They are opening a business here on a permanent basis
Well, yes, yes they live, they came here, they
opened a business and  they control it, yes, they
are not citizens, they do not apply for
citizenship of the Russian
Federation, something I don’t catch up at all,
to be honest, it’s somehow hard for us to think
already Well, yes, we hung out a little Just my
idea is like this, look, there is Karelia
And Finland is nearby too Yes they  it’s
just that nature is nearby, the same
resources are actually the same Yes, but
Finland is better than
Karelia Because Finland is a different
country, yes, that’s what I’m saying, look
like this then if Karelia were another
country, potassium would be a country, that is, well, I
understand  potassium, roughly
speaking, your message is that,
like, why doesn’t Karelia separate from the
country of Russia? I’m saying that yes, look.
The fact is that just like, for example, the
Ottoman Empire collapsed, the
Ukraine axis, Estonia, small
Estonia, separated Yes,
he lives
well from the Soviet Union And  why if there is, let's say, well,
in Finland there is, let's say, well, how do
you judge a piece of Karelia? Well,
look, for example, for example, here Let me
give you an example. And in Finland, by
the standards of Russia,
gasoline is quite expensive, relatively speaking. And in
Karelia, compared to Finland, gasoline is
very cheap, so  so yes, by the standards, if
like this, then there are some natural
resources in our Republic, they are enough,
well, they deliver gasoline much cheaper
Yes, but the question, see the question If
your gasoline is cheaper, then you live better
than in Finland or do the Finns still live
better than the
Karelians Well, I can’t say that
because I’m on a long-term stay Well, let’s be
honest, look long-term is not long-lasting
for me, for example, if I was in a certain
country, some countries you can even
visit, you looked on the Internet and you
compared and understand Where they live better,
more  parts from the city, damn it came to
Moscow, walked around the country Well, damn it, is it in general
or did you come here,
you can’t judge the yarn there either, because you need to judge it from
personal experience, like, well,
my
gender is good, but how do you? What do you think?
Where where people live better in the United States
The States of America or
India I think in the United States Oh, you
were in India
and in the United States and in the United
States, so look, I caught you,
you were neither in India nor in the United
States, but they very clearly said that
people live better in the States  Yes, now you’ve
been to both Karelia and Finland, but
for some reason you can’t say and compare
why this is so. Very interesting. You caught it well, thank you.
Well, yes, you can do that, in principle,
look at what I’m doing,
withdrawing some resources and, in principle,
India Well, it also depends on what region you
come from, because in America, let’s say,
yes, we have it, look, for example, you
live there 20 km from the border and compare
that region in Finland which is 20 km from the
border, these are ordinary small
towns Well, let’s say it’s good even if I
say that  in Finland, the
standard of living is probably still higher. I think
it will be fair, it will be fair, yes, but
in any case, from my opinion from your
opinion, from her opinion, yes, in principle,
nothing will change. No, just like it won’t
change from our opinion  about the USA and
India, but we can hurt that in the USA people
live better than in India And then think about
why this is so Well,
good Even if you and I
think Why so, well, let’s say they have a small country
there and that’s
why
Nika should be in a small country  Yes, no, it’s not
right, it’s easier to be
small, well, right. That is, it turns out that If
the country is small, then people live better, yes,
no, look, the President of Finland and the
President of Russia, yes, the President of Russia
must keep track of a huge country. Yes,
which is
there, I understand that, and then why be a
big
country?  if the president can’t do it for everything and you
live worse than a small country Well, what’s the
point Well [ __ ] How can that be but by and large it doesn’t depend on us
I’m not talking about you I’m just
thinking look I’m not telling you I’m
thinking geo  here is Switzerland Small
country Mega rich yes yes for example let’s
take some
desert country Yes there is
sugar for example Well damn there are a lot of shorter ones there yes
states like in Africa there is a chat room of lies
There and so on Yes we are not that
rich anymore Yes well
it all depends  from the geographical
location of the tale Yes, well, that’s why I’m
saying, let’s take two two nearby Reli and
Finland, the geographical location is
just the same thing, yes, the
climatic geographical
historical, well, in
short, I understand you are somewhere out there
thinking something to yourself But it’s hard for you
admit it to yourself but think about it
Yes, it’s not hard for me to admit Because so
come on Maybe you
have some interesting question for me and I’ll run we are
young people and that’s why, by and
large, we make our plans there
and, in principle, we are not rudely attached
speaking to the point when If you were
talking there with a sixty-year-old
or with a seventy-year-old man
who is great, Yes, there, relatively speaking, so
on the contrary, look, a seventy-year-old already
doesn’t care, he’s there for another 5-7 years, in short, that’s
how Putin is Yes, he’s still 5-7 years old and he’ll
die Kochi  Well, of course, earlier maybe,
like And you’re young, this is your life You
already need to think about it, yes, it’s
natural, but for the most part Well, what’s going to stop me from
leaving if I want to go to
Finland Well, like, I’ll want to live in
Finland And what can I do, Posha, you can
go to  Finland Yes, I’m just
asking, they
actually loaded Yes they loaded, I
look at all this more simply yes Think about it, sit
like this and go skittish this evening
Yes, this stagnation is interesting Play the
game pros and cons, it’s called
For example,
divide into two teams, one will be
play, for example, come up with the advantages of why you
need to stay, like, for example, in Russia,
and the disadvantages, like, well, what’s worse from the fact that
you’re part of Russia They are independent, for
example, the
game, by and large, right now we’re going to eat food, we
can’t go anywhere, by and large, the borders with Finland are
closed  borders with Lithuania, our
borders are closed, that is, we are, in
principle, closed, cut off from the general
world by and large Yes,
but I’m
not a
slacker If you’re not a slacker, then
you’ll have
all sorts of
benefits like that, you know, in the World Cup,
look if  you are not a slacker, you
will be everywhere Yes, but if you are not a slacker In
Russia, if you are not a slacker in Finland,
for some reason you are not a slacker in Finland, you
live better than not a slacker in Karelia,
the truth is, I can’t say that, but
look if I say I live in
Ukraine  I am from the United States of America, not a
slacker in Ukraine will live
normally I am not a slacker I live
normally but not a slacker in the United
States of America will live better than not a
slacker in
Ukraine objectively because
not a slacker in Russia will live
very well
will be in the best brands of the world and  I
will explain with this example, for example, a
fisherman with a lazy fisherman, you are catching fish
Yes, but there are two lakes, in one there are
five crucian carp swimming and the other is teeming with fish, and here
and there, just like that, take two
Gemini brothers, not slackers, the one who
catches more fish is the one who catches in uh  a
pond where it’s teeming with fish, yes, or the one
in which five crucian carp swim, five
crucian carp, no then no. Naturally, the one
who, uh, catches where the fish are fatter Yes, where there is
more of it, he catches
more That’s how you understand here too. Here in
Karelia and Finland, no matter how you were there
cool, proactive, yes, but there are fewer fish in
Karelia than in Finland, the economy of
Karelia is being sucked out by
Moscow Okay, good, great
conversation. It seems to me
that in Russia there are a lot of prospects and that is
why if you want to earn
money, then you will earn it 100%. I will
say more in Afghanistan you can earn
money on  arms trade Narco
Look in Afghanistan If you want to
earn money You will earn it in
Cameroon If you want to earn money you
will earn yes for example you
will earn money everywhere Yes but you
understand there is a difference in earnings
for example in Syria Yes and in
Finland Okay let me see that
the girl is already looking at you with such loving
eyes and asks me to let
you go so Okay I’m not looking at you at
all anymore you’re not saying you’re looking at him
No I was looking at the bottle you what I’m looking
at the bottle Okay let’s Well thank you
very much for  the dialogue was very interesting
to talk in fact Let’s
finally say something else in Karelian
Sing so well So we started with this
Call your team I didn’t
like the polyphony Well,
unfortunately, we all went our separate ways, some people there, some
people there, some people
there we have everything differently yes
Call Well, for how the end of the dialogue
will be completed Here is the song in
Kari again Well, I can
wish you health and all the best in Karelian I
want, I really want this song to
end like this cool Yes
Call them  I really can sing for you alone
I don’t want to sing in polyphony with
the girls as it was all he
sings better alone than if we all start together
wai po Dava I’m not kidding here you look vie
Try one then I’ll sing you a Finnish
kore Finnish
pour over about how a girl is waiting for her
betrothed
eik eik Ist
J a
very interesting demonstrative dialogue
was yes unexpected Yes they started singing in
Karelian then
Interesting Yes the situation is their
hut Well it shows the ethnic
composition of modern Karelia Yes when the
Karelians were still there 100 years ago Well not
100 there 120 130 140 ago by the majority
Yes, in these territories now it turns out
that out of all of them there is only one Karel, the rest there are
Don Cossacks from Ukraine, and so on, and so on, that
is, the Soviet Union deported the
Karelians after this Soviet-Finnish
war, and in the forties, they deported
many to Kazakhstan, too, and they populated these
territories.  the same thing that they are now
doing with the Crimea with Mariupol Yes, they are
seizing the territory Yes and they are populating it with
people fleeing and people from other regions Oh
now in Siberia he is coming to Mariupol Yes
in Crimea Crimea is populated by all of these
just like the Krasnodar Territory Yes the lands of the
Circassians and so on  they are now populating with
other people, that is, they are changing the ethnic
composition, and they did the same thing with
Kazakhstan. Yes, to Kazakhstan, uh,
first of all, they exiled Germans, Estonians, uh, from the same Karelians,
and uh, they
populated cities with Ukrainians and Belarusians. And
so on. That’s where a
lot of Ukrainians come from in Kazakhstan  Yes, they were transporting them, like virgin
soil, to cultivate And so on, that’s why
Russia’s policy was that of the time of the empire
and the time of the Soviet Union Yes, this is the
erosion of this local population and
turning them into such Russians, that’s a
very interesting question, but where is it better
to live in Finland or this No, I
think  what they
think about is very important It is very important yes to
promote these ideas on the territory of the
Russian Federation
in the
brains of the younger generation Yes no one from
one conversation will change their
no one will say they talked yes or no let’s
independence doesn’t happen like that yes
But
from what we hear that  we read that
we somewhere comprehend yes,
certain thoughts,
certain ideas are born in our head Yes, any idea it
should howl and
when the parable When will there be some
socio-economic political
upheavals in the Russian Federation just
like it was in the Russian Empire Yes, until
197  years monolithic monolithic Empire
all the tsar abdicated fermentation began there
and then one coup a second coup
and everything fell apart Finland independent
Ukraine Poland And so on the same thing
will happen with the Russian Federation Yes it is necessary
that at this moment X Yes a certain
part of the population has a percentage that is  there was a
greater percentage of people who At least
even if they don’t stand up for
independence there They won’t resist it too much
Yes, like independence
and independence Yes, this is very, very
important Subscribe to the channel
Like and Leave a comment under the
video It’s important to be stunned to write on Tsey
reserve channel Andriy Popik chatroulette
I created another channel on any vikladav
unique video yaki did not bool either on this
channel or on streams
ppi Nago there every day they will appear but
and but video piska comment PD kozhnim video
shcheb YouTube efektivni enlighten mi pon collapse
that channel  in order for more people
to extract information from our videos so
that Tsey Our channel Yes, a little bit of YouTube
driving in we will try again in parallel
Robi one
write Ne